Hey. Carl.
A little chilly this morning?
It'll warm up soon.
Always does.
Morning.
Breathing pretty heavy there. old man.
I'm breathing just fine.
You sure? How's that left arm?
Is that going numb on
you? Smelling any toast?
'Cause we got some baby aspirin here.
I can get you on down to the hospital.
You talk a lot of shit for someone
who runs a 14-minute mile. agent pace.
'Cause I lift. dude.
When the bad guys come.
you can run away. I can choke 'em out.
Who's the hero?
- Gym muscle ain't real muscle. Billy.
- That's so weird though. right?
I guess we're both imagining that one.
- Quiet night?
- Pin drop.
Brooks and rainey had
the perimeter all night.
I'm clocking out early. by the way.
Garcia gave me this
nasty-ass soup last night
and I gotta go see a man about a horse.
Gotcha.
Like a... like a mutant horse.
I woke Jane. she's
coming in to cover for me.
You woke that poor girl up
and told her to come in early
so you could go home and take a shit?
They're the ones who wanted equality.
- Billy.
- She was cool.
- I'll see you.
- Alright.
Hey.
The world's biggest biceps don't
make up for the world's smallest dick.
That's probably true. boss.
But it doesn't hurt. does it?
- That's your dick I'm talking about.
- I knew you were talking
- about my dick. sir.
- Yeah. yeah.
What page are you on?
- Eighty-eight.
- Nice.
I was gonna make you
guys pancakes. Presley.
Yeah. well. you snooze. you lose.
We're having eggs.
You're having egg whites.
Egg whites aren't food. They're air.
Yeah. well. your
metabolism isn't what it was.
I'm sorry. you trying to
tell me I'm getting old?
No. trying to tell you
you're getting chubby.
Child. please. you know I look good.
Eat some egg whites.
Hey. man. you hear this?
- Well. I got yellow eggs.
- Gimme some.
Thank you for making breakfast. baby.
You're welcome.
- Didn't sleep?
- Stop worrying about me.
I'll stop worrying about
you when you sleep.
I'll sleep when you
stop worrying about me.
And around we go.
Your brother's bike got left
out in the front lawn again.
- Take it out my paycheck.
- Hey.
Sorry. I'll keep an eye on it.
And don't forget. my
debate final is at 3:00.
Three o'clock. wouldn't miss it.
I will clock out early.
I just made you eggs over there.
Well. see. it's my house. so... My eggs.
And remember. you may be all grown.
but to me. you're still
just a scrawny little thing
that squeals like a baby every time
- she gets tickled in that one spot...
- Okay. no. no.
- Underneath her right arm.
- I don't wanna be tickled right now.
No tickling. no tickling.
- Please. please. please.
- Okay. okay.
Okay.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Boy. what on earth
are you reading. man?
James and the giant peach.
- Where'd you get that?
- Presley gave it to me.
- It's about a...
- I know what it's about.
Hey. if you.
run into Andrew bloch today. just
try your best to ignore him. okay?
Hey. dad.
You good?
Yeah. sorry.
Sorry. j.
Dad didn't sleep well.
You like the book?
Yeah.
It's about a boy who used
to have these magic beans.
but he tripped and dropped all
the magic beans into the grass.
And they went down.
and they got to touch
all these centipedes.
and spiders. and ladybugs.
And even the big tree...
Jane.
- Boss.
- You're here early.
Billy had something
to take care of at home.
He went home to take a dump.
Yeah. well...
You're allowed to tell him no.
I'm aware.
- Brooks and rainey inside?
- Waiting on you.
Boss.
- Quiet night. I hear?
- Yes. sir.
Bedroom door was sealed by 10:00.
He's still not up.
- It's late for him.
- Sure it won't be long.
Very good.
- I'm on.
- We're off.
We've got perimeter for another
hour. if you need anything.
Mr. President?
Mr. President. it's almost
8 A.M. just checking in.
Mr. President. I'm coming in.
Agent Collins. come on in.
Shoes off. please.
I'm fucking with you.
I just like to see what people will do.
Got the last guy to sit on the floor.
Go on. have a seat.
I assume. you know why you're here.
I have a sense. sir.
Can I get you a water. soda. anything?
I'm fine. sir.
You want any booze? We got it all.
No. thank you.
Yeah. that was a test.
- Yes.
- You passed.
Yes. sir.
Can't have a potential new lead
agent drinking on the job. you know?
Of course.
Well. I'm gonna have a drink.
Little hair of the dog.
Don't worry. this is not an everyday thing.
- We had quite a night last night.
- Congratulations. sir.
Yeah. yeah.
The other guy literally had
the IQ of a goldendoodle.
An incumbent president
barely beats a goldendoodle.
I wouldn't say that's exactly
my one shining moment.
It's a college basketball reference.
One shining moment?
It's a song they play at
the end of the tournament.
Yes.
Alright. cards on the table.
I beat a goldendoodle.
so it looks like I got the
gig for another four years
until I get to retire somewhere beautiful
and lie on a pool float
the rest of my days.
Now. keep in mind. I'll be an ex-president
in just my early 50s.
So. I'm gonna find the
biggest mansion I can.
and I'm gonna fill it with the best
booze and the best art available.
and I'm gonna spend four to
five decades on that pool float.
Unless. of course.
somebody shoots me first.
I'm looking for someone to
make sure I don't get shot.
so I can make it to that pool float.
- You follow?
- I follow.
You got any questions for me?
No. sir.
Jesus Christ. this is like the
worst first date I've ever had.
Come on. ask me a question. will you?
Why the change. sir?
I know agent Monroe.
He's as good as it gets.
He's a bore. and he's old.
If my lead agent isn't
gonna be fun to be around.
I'd like to at least know
he can lift heavy stuff.
Look. I'm looking for
someone to be by my side
for the next four years.
and potentially into my pool float years.
As you know. they let
us keep light protection
even after we leave the big house.
They gave me a list
and a batch of names.
I looked at that list and batch of names.
I asked to meet with you.
"Why. sir? Why did you
ask to meet with me?"
That's a great question. agent
Collins. I'm so happy you asked.
I... I promise this is not a regular thing.
Well. in answer to the
question that you didn't ask.
I hear you're the best of the best.
I feel pretty confident
you can lift heavy stuff.
And it doesn't hurt that you're black.
I'm supposed to be a
southern progressive
but I got a bunch of white guys
surrounding me everywhere I go.
So. I'm here 'cause I'm black?
You're here because you're good.
And the other guy was boring and old.
It just doesn't hurt that you're black.
- Does my directness bother you?
- No. sir.
But...
No. sir.
There was a "but."
I just wonder if having a
black man guarding you
is really the progressive
visual you think it is?
That's a fair point.
Well. my secretary of state
and my secretary of
defense are also black.
But they don't stand next to
me when I kiss babies. so...
Agent Collins. I went from being
one of the richest men in the world
to a one-term. now two-term
president almost overnight.
I drink whiskey in the
middle of the oval office.
And I'm upfront about telling
a potential new lead agent
that part of the reason
he's appealing to me
is the color of his skin.
I did not get here by
doing things by the book.
I couldn't tell you who the eighth
vice president of the United States was
and I'm not really sure
where Syria is on a map.
But people seem to like me.
And leaders of other
countries seem to trust me.
The world is 19 times more
fucked than anyone realizes.
And if someone's gotta sit in
that chair and do the unthinkable.
I consider myself a reasonable
and decent human being
who will try to do the right thing.
Hopefully. that's someone you
wouldn't mind taking a bullet for...
If this thing goes your way.
Yes. sir.
Okey-dokey.
Thank you for coming in.
We will be in touch.
Southwestern Asia. sir.
- I'm sorry?
- Syria.
It's in southwest Asia
on the eastern coast
of the mediterranean sea.
No shit?
And the eighth vice president?
Martin Van buren.
Obviously. I knew that.
It's a test. you know.
like with the whiskey.
Of course. sir.
Marsha. could you inform the
cabinet that Syria is not in Canada?
We've been getting it
wrong this whole time.
I'm the funniest president.
Yeah.
All good up there. boss?
Yeah... no.
Hang on. I need a second.
Sir?
Jane. I need you to lock
down and sweep the residence.
No one in. no one out.
- What's going on?
- Just give me a minute.
Jane. who's in the bay right now?
- Garcia.
- Garcia. okay. good.
Sir. if we're locking down.
shouldn't I be alerting Robinson?
No! Not yet.
But protocol says
Jane. I need you to
quietly lock this place down
for the next 30 minutes without
asking any more questions.
Only person allowed upstairs is Billy.
Billy's not here. remember?
- He will be.
- Copy that.
You're freaking me out a little bit. boss.
Copy that. Thirty minutes.
Agent Collins.
Yes. sir?
Enjoying your first week with us so far?
Yes. sir. thank you.
Okay. okay. that's good to hear.
That's very good to hear.
You're married. right?
- Yes. sir.
- I noticed your ring.
You got kids?
Yes. sir. a-a girl named
Presley and a boy named James.
Presley?
My wife's from Memphis.
Couldn't be stopped.
You gonna have any more?
No. sir.
I'd love to. but...
Well. I'm relatively confident...
That the first lady voted
for the other guy last week.
If true. I imagine that's
the first time in history
that a sitting first lady voted
against her own husband.
Yeah.
Not the biggest fan of
mine of late. my wife.
You don't approve?
Those things will kill you.
Yeah. well...
They can get in line.
She will take the kid...
And leave me the
second I'm out of office.
How come your wife
doesn't want more kids?
Were the first two lemons?
You a shit father? What's the deal?
Come on. man. I'm sad. I'm tipsy.
I could use a story.
It's not much of a story. sir.
My wife. Teri. she's a scientist.
We met when I was at the academy
and she wants to
focus on her career now.
She's starting a new project in
Atlanta and she'll have to travel.
So... we're stopping at two.
They keep us plenty busy. as is.
Hey.
No. thank you.
He passes again.
Well. Xavier. for what it's worth.
you're probably better off
not having any more kids.
Smart move right now.
It's definitely a very... very smart move.
I'm not sure I understand. sir.
That'll be all. agent Collins.
Yes. sir.
This better be good. boss.
Garcia's soup is doing a
number on me right now.
I need you back at the residence now.
X. I'm in a pretty precarious
position at the moment.
Billy.
Christian laettner.
I gave us about 30 minutes
before Jane has to call it in.
but once she does. Robinson
won't let me within a mile of this place.
It's bad. Billy. It's really bad.
And I need you here five minutes ago.
Copy you. I'm on my way.
Billy. you step into this thing with me.
you could be entering a world of hurt.
Promise?
Five minutes ago. Move.
House all clear.
All non-essentials are out.
- Study? Guest house?
- Secured.
- Sir...
- I need five with Garcia.
Mike.
Hey. what's good. boss?
Jane says we're on a lockdown
that's not a lockdown. What's the deal?
I need you to take me
through yesterday's log.
Yeah. sure thing. Gimme a sec.
By the way. I don't know what
you heard. but I didn't make soup.
I made pozole. and my stuff's legit.
If Billy has a stomach like
a 14-year-old amish girl.
- that's his problem...
- hey. Mike. I need you to focus.
Okay. we're up.
Take me through wildcat's
day. Anything irregular?
Abnormally early wake-up and workout.
Long workout. actually.
Then. he got out of his bathrobe
for the first time in a week.
He spent the morning making
pasta for his son for dinner.
Made the pasta by hand. by the way.
Had coffee with Sinatra in
the afternoon. back patio.
You were the agent on
duty. you know all this.
What?
Say it to my face.
I want to see what it looks
like when you have balls. sir.
It's fine. We're fine.
And that's it?
Anyone out of the
ordinary on the premises?
Nope. Gardeners. us. the usual.
Kid bailed on him for dinner.
Stayed home with his mom.
Poor guy had to scarf down
dinner for two by himself.
But on the bright side.
you-know-who made her
daily happy hour appearance.
Wait. rewind that for me.
Freeze it.
A little bigger.
A little more.
Okay.
She left. and he took
two long pours downstairs
for drinks with the old man.
Daddy war bucks returned
to the guest house at 9:30.
and our hero took a
third long pour up to bed.
The door was sealed at 10:04.
Last person to see him was...
You guys shot the shit there for a while?
That dude has said four words
to me since I got down here.
Well. I guess you earned it.
Mr. President.
- Mr. President.
Ladies and gentlemen.
thank you for your Patience.
Betsy. I know you missed me.
Why don't you kick us off?
Regarding yesterday's
explosive New York times report
- about recent revelations in Colorado.
- I have no comment on that.
Due respect. but isn't
some comment required. sir?
There's wild speculation about
what people are seeing there.
and protests are already
forming across the country.
Yes. and I'm sure the
Internet's doing a fine job
at. feeding that fire
without me fueling the fire.
Now. what I would like to speak about
is the latest jobs report.
Just one month since my re-election...
Weapon!
- Whoa!
- Get down!
The world deserves to know!
Sir. are you hit?
- Sir. are you hit?
- No. I'm fine.
No. you're hit. Let me see.
- No! Hey. I'm fine. look at me.
- Hey.
It's you. It's your blood.
Agent Collins?
Agent Collins? Agent Collins?
- You're not hit?
- Agent Collins?
But you're not hit?
Sir.
Take it easy.
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa. easy.
You just got... hey. you
just got out of surgery.
- Sir...
- your wife... your wife's on the way.
They had trouble reaching her.
- Are you alright?
- I'm fine.
You tackle like a high
school sophomore. by the way.
Though I'll admit.
when I saw all that blood.
I thought I'd been Christian laettner'd.
Don't do this to me.
Christian laettner? Duke?
Yeah. He made the most famous
college basketball shot of all time
against us in the tournament.
Single-handedly killed me
and every other Kentucky
wildcat fan that day.
Yeah. I thought I'd been laettner'd.
But then...
That was a hell of a
blocked shot. agent Collins.
Is there anything I can do for you?
I don't know.
Maybe cool it with the
basketball metaphors?
Well. well. well. look at you.
Good for you. Xavier. You're
kind of funny when you're wounded.
- Yeah. who knew?
- Not me.
I'd have shot you weeks ago.
Sir?
Duty calls.
They got the rest of the bullet
out in surgery. by the way.
Your career as a shoulder
model's probably over
but. they tell me you'll
make a full recovery.
Do we know who he was?
Some asshole with a 3D printer.
But we got him.
Well. I'll be back to work as
soon as I clear my physical.
No. no. no. no. Take a
few weeks. paid leave.
- It's not necessary.
- That's an order.
Don't make me do the whole
commander-in-chief bullshit. okay?
It's been a long day.
Although.
I'd like to talk to you
when you get back...
About the future.
Yes. sir. of course.
Saying "thank you"
feels kinda insufficient.
Saying "just doing my
job" seems kinda lame.
So. we'll just leave it there?
Holy fuck.
X. you gotta call this in. man.
Safe was empty. It's gone.
- No.
- Gone.
Someone had to know a lot.
Someone had to have a lot of access.
In a few minutes. I have
to tell Jane to call this in
and we lose control of the whole scene.
Hey. I need you to walk
the entire property right now.
Balcony door's open. You saw the blood.
Check the yard below.
No photos. no notes.
Mental snapshots of
everything. It's the little things.
Little things are gonna
matter here. Billy. Copy?
- Copy.
- Go.
- X.
Yeah.
Garcia for Collins.
- Go ahead.
- I got something. sir.
On my way.
Billy.
What the hell is going on?
Hold on.
Billy.
- Hey.
What's going on? This a real lockdown?
Beats me. Nobody tells me shit.
Alright. let's go.
Jane might know something.
- What do you got?
- Check it out.
You chat with the president
until just after 10 P.M.
Bedroom door closes at 10:04.
You secure the downstairs
and are relieved by Billy at 10:32.
A night of top-notch
Billy pace security ensues.
Yeah. the problem is my food.
not that he eats like a filthy animal.
- Mike.
- Yeah.
Come on.
Anyway. Billy does
his rounds. but mainly...
Jesus.
Dude even took an
hour-and-a-half power nap.
Look at him.
- Dead to the world.
- This is what you wanted to show me?
Hang on.
Check out the large glass
picture frame behind him.
- See the reflection from the TV?
- Yeah.
You can see movement
from the screen. but watch.
Now. it freezes. like
someone paused the TV.
But he didn't pause the TV.
So. I checked the other
cameras. and that's when I realized
that from 10:42 until 12:13.
all security cameras were
offline. frozen on the last image.
No one noticed because
no one else was in the house except Billy
and he was dead to
the world on that couch.
Exactly.
At 12:13. cameras come back online.
See that?
A minute later. Billy wakes up.
An hour later. I show up
for my shift with fresh coffee.
- But for all we know...
- anyone could have entered
or exited during that window.
Yeah. and no one in
control would have noticed.
especially if they were a little
young and a little inexperienced.
Who was in there last night at that time?
Jane.
Hey.
I'm serious. What the fuck is going on?
- Leave it be for a second. please.
- But
Jane. you need to be
really calm right now.
Everything's gonna be
looked at from here on out.
I need you to trust me.
Okay?
Okay.
Jane.
We're officially under
lockdown. call it in.
Wildcat is down. It's a code red.
Call it in. Jane.
Our people only. now.
Yes. sir.
I'm calling in a code red.
- What's happening?
- No one's allowed.
What's going on? Who is it. is it Kane?
Please stop stopping me
- from getting into the house.
- I'm sorry.
I get to know what's
going on with my husband.
Is it Cal?
Sam.
Where's my husband?!
Is it Cal?! Let me in. goddammit. Sam!
Site secure. ma'am. Was
going to start interviews.
Yes. please let me know
whatever you find out.
Where is he? Cal?!
- Where's my son?
- Kane.
Why don't we go in the other
room? Let's go in the other room.
- But I want to see Cal.
- Come with me.
Agent rainey. agent Garcia. follow me.
Agent Collins.
Yes. sir.
As we said before. agent Collins.
this line of questioning
is merely a formality.
given you were the
last one to see him alive.
And again. for the record.
you noticed nothing unusual
when he turned in last night?
No. just another night.
Did you speak to him?
I was wondering where
you were. agent Robinson.
I'm right here. agent Collins.
What did you speak
to him about last night?
And so concludes
another day in paradise.
Hey.
I'm feeling that. Hang on.
Hang on. hang on. hang on. hang on.
- Listening party?
- Will that be all?
Your loss.
Boo.
Ooh. a little light bedtime reading.
Got the news of the world right here.
Step right up. step
right up. come and get it.
Got the news of the world.
Have a drink with me. Xavier. Christ.
We don't talk anymore.
- No. thank you.
- "Sir."
I. I can't remember exactly when it
was when you stopped calling me "sir."
Do you?
For Christ's sake. speak your mind.
You don't want me to speak my mind.
Sir.
Well. then.
I don't know what else there is to say.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I know. I know.
Hey. look.
You're not wrong. Xavier.
What's in here will definitely kill me.
That'll be all. agent Collins.
Xavier.
Will you ever be able to
forgive me for what happened?
Bring him in.
Agent Collins. welcome back.
Don't speak if you don't
have to. Have a seat.
Agent Collins. you're
about to be entrusted
with top-secret national
security information.
The president has cleared
you at the highest level.
Should you wish to proceed. you will be
one of the few hundred people in the world
privy to this information at this stage.
Agent Collins. do you wish to proceed?
The president tells me you have children.
Yes. ma'am. that's correct.
You're gonna want to hear this.
Okay.
The tablet within this box
contains all information and data
related to a highly classified project.
It's a fancy way of saying that's
the most important box in the world.
I assume you're aware of
what's going on in Colorado.
Will I ever be able to forgive
you for what happened?
Our kids' names were
a big deal to my wife.
Presley was pretty
much set in stone from go.
But for our second kid. our son
every night of that pregnancy.
she would try out a different name.
And then one day. she was
about eight months pregnant.
could hardly walk anymore.
We were in this bookstore
together. and she saw it.
James and the giant peach.
And that was it.
She had found our boy's name.
She read the book
to her belly every night
for the rest of her pregnancy.
She became obsessed
with that damn book.
And then...
You know. after she
well. I guess I became
obsessed with it. too.
Yeah. I'm pretty much an expert
on James and the giant peach right now.
It was written by roald dahl.
And originally. it wasn't
gonna be about a peach.
It was gonna be about a cherry.
But dahl changed it because he thought
that peaches were squishier.
Strange. isn't it?
Book could have been called
James and the giant cherry.
Sometimes I lie in bed
staring at the ceiling.
wondering if my wife would've
wanted to name our son James
if the book were about a giant
cherry and not a giant peach.
But I'll never know.
Obviously. I can't ask her.
- I know.
- Stop.
You want to know if I'll forgive you.
I'll forgive you when I can sleep again.
And I'll sleep again when you're dead.
Now. we cannot divulge specifics.
but what we can tell you
is that we are preparing
for a massive catastrophe
that could cause an
extinction-level event for humanity
in the very near. very real future.
In preparation. we have begun construction
underneath a mountain in Colorado.
When completed. it
may be our only chance
The world's largest underground city.